Home – Overview
The ROYALMAC Pvt. Ltd. is a multinational business conglomerate with a core business segment of large-volume imports and exports across the world, which was formed as a consortium with a strategic joint venture mentality.

RoyalMac – Who we are
The RoyalMac is a unique import-export and business consulting marketing network around the world with a bunch of professionals and an expert team that operate globally and on all continents and peninsulas. RoyalMac is on the lists of suppliers, vendors, customers, and requirements lists of significant manufacturers all around the world.

RoyalMac - What We do 
RoyalMac has obtained a number of significant ventures in a variety of business sectors and exclusive. The highlighted venture is the used or new rail line that imports and exports iron, copper, steel, aluminium, and zinc ingots are supplied worldwide in high volumes in metric tons.

Investment : 
Virtual Stockist   Card :
There is 3 type of Virtual stockiest Commodity Qty. ownership cards. 1. Black 2. Green 3. Gold 
 Advance Booking :
Advance Booking, Minimum 5,000 MT. 
Stake  Value :
Not Updated. 
Joint Venture :
RoyalMac Pvt. Ltd. invites you to become a part of our upcoming project joint venture to improve operation speed and boost- up sales. Contact us for more info. Our meeting schedule

Products  - Commodity 


Product: RAIL R50 – R65 
Supply Capacity: 25 ML. MT. / Month 
Origin : KSA / RUSSIA /Ukraine / UK/ USA / India 

Copper :
Product: Millbury, cathode, Ingots 
Supply Capacity: 5 ML. MT. / Month 
Origin: All  

Steel  :
Product : Galvanized, cold-rolled , Ingots, TMT, Steel for Recycling purpose  
Supply Capacity: 25 ML.  MT. / Month 
Origin : All  

Aluminum   :
Product : Ingots,  Recycling purpose Steel
Supply Capacity: 25 ML.  MT. / Month 
Origin : All  

HMS  1 & 2  :
Product : For Recycling purpose     
Supply Capacity: 15 ML.  MT. / Month 
Origin : All  




ZINC    :
Product : Ingots,  Recycling purpose     
Supply Capacity: 5 ML.  MT. / Month 
Origin : All  

Aircraft     :
Product :  for Recycling purpose     
Supply Capacity: As per the stock availability 
Origin : All  

Ships    :
Product :  for Recycling purpose     
Supply Capacity: As per the stock availability 
Origin : All